Update OM 2.0 with proposal#43 Created Timestamp syntax (#2636)
prometheus/docs: docs/specs/om/open_metrics_spec_2_0.md

; Any unicode character, except newline, double quote, and backslash
normal-char = %x00-09 / %x0B-21 / %x23-5B / %x5D-D7FF / %xE000-10FFFF

> created = "ct@" timestamp

Reviewer: ABNF is case insensitive, do you want to allow uppercase as well? if not:

```suggestion
; Lowercase ct @ timestamp
created = %d99.116 "@" timestamp
```

Author: Thanks for clarifying about case sensitivity

What does `%d99.116` mean?

Reviewer: It's ASCII code for "ct" :)

# TYPE acme_http_router_request_seconds summary
# UNIT acme_http_router_request_seconds seconds
# HELP acme_http_router_request_seconds Latency though all of ACME's HTTP request router.
acme_http_router_request_seconds_sum{path="/api/v1",method="GET"} 9036.32 ct@1605281325.0
acme_http_router_request_seconds_count{path="/api/v1",method="GET"} 807283.0 ct@1605281325.0
acme_http_router_request_seconds_sum{path="/api/v2",method="POST"} 479.3 ct@1605281325.0

> acme_http_router_request_seconds_count{path="/api/v2",method="POST"} 34.0 ct@1605281325.0

Reviewer 2: nit: Should we make the created timestamps different in the example? IIRC, the CR is the timestamp of the first observation for the series, so they will almost never match.  We don't want to give the wrong impression that they will always be the same.

# TYPE acme_http_router_request_seconds summary
# UNIT acme_http_router_request_seconds seconds
# HELP acme_http_router_request_seconds Latency though all of ACME's HTTP request router.
acme_http_router_request_seconds_sum{path="/api/v1",method="GET"} 9036.32 ct@1605281325.0
acme_http_router_request_seconds_count{path="/api/v1",method="GET"} 807283.0 ct@1605281325.0

> acme_http_router_request_seconds_created{path="/api/v1",method="GET"} 1605281325.0 ct@1605281325.0

Reviewer: I assume this is not needed anymore?

```suggestion
```

Author: Oh damn, that was an oversight. Thank you!

##### Counter

> The MetricPoint's Total Value Sample MetricName MUST have the suffix `_total`. If present the MetricPoint's Created Value MUST be inlined with the Metric point with a `ct@` prefix. If the value's timestamp is present, the Created Value MUST be added right after it. If exemplars are present, the Created Value MUST be added before it.

Reviewer: The spec does not allow multiple exemplars.

```suggestion
The MetricPoint's Total Value Sample MetricName MUST have the suffix `_total`. If present, the MetricPoint's Created Value MUST be inlined with the Metric point with a `ct@` prefix. If the value's timestamp is present, the Created Value MUST be added right after it. If exemplar is present, the Created Value MUST be added before it.
```

```
# TYPE foo counter
foo_total 17.0 ct@1520430000.123
```

An example with a Metric with no labels, and a MetricPoint with a timestamp and a created:

```
# TYPE foo counter
foo_total 17.0 1520879607.789 ct@1520430000.123
```

Exemplars MAY be attached to the MetricPoint's Total sample.

> An example with a Metric with no labels, and a MetricPoint with a timestamp and a created and an exemplar:

Reviewer 2: Should this be "Created Value" or "created timestamp"

##### Summary

If present, the MetricPoint's Sum Value Sample MetricName MUST have the suffix `_sum`. If present, the MetricPoint's Count Value MetricName MUST have the suffix `_count`. If present, the MetricPoint's Quantile Values MUST specify the quantile measured using a label with a label name of "quantile" and with a label value of the quantile measured. 

> If present the MetricPoint's Created Value MUST be inlined with the Metric point with a `ct@` prefix. If the value's timestamp is present, the Created Value MUST be added right after it. If exemplars are present, the Created Value MUST be added before it. Createad Value MUST be appended to all Quantile Values, to the MetricPoint's Sum and MetricPoint's Count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If present the MetricPoint's Created Value MUST be inlined with the Metric point with a `ct@` prefix. If the value's timestamp is present, the Created Value MUST be added right after it. If exemplar is present, the Created Value MUST be added before it. Createad Value MUST be appended to all Quantile Values, to the MetricPoint's Sum and MetricPoint's Count.
```

An example of a Metric with no labels and a MetricPoint with Sum, Count and Created values:

```
# TYPE foo summary
foo_count 17.0 ct@1520430000.123
foo_sum 324789.3 ct@1520430000.123
```

> An example of a Metric with no labels and a MetricPoint with two quantiles and Created values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example of a Metric with no labels and a MetricPoint with two quantiles and Created Values:
```
nit: consistently capitalize or lowercase "Created Value"

```
# TYPE foo summary
foo{quantile="0.95"} 123.7 ct@1520430000.123
foo{quantile="0.99"} 150.0 ct@1520430000.123
```

Quantiles MAY be in any order.

##### Histogram

The MetricPoint's Bucket Values Sample MetricNames MUST have the suffix `_bucket`. If present, the MetricPoint's Sum Value Sample MetricName MUST have the suffix `_sum`. 

> If present the MetricPoint's Created Value MUST be inlined with the Metric point with a `ct@` prefix. If the value's timestamp is present, the Created Value MUST be added right after it. If exemplars are present, the Created Value MUST be added before it. Createad Value MUST be appended to all Bucket Values, to the MetricPoint's Sum and MetricPoint's Count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If present the MetricPoint's Created Value MUST be inlined with the Metric point with a `ct@` prefix. If the value's timestamp is present, the Created Value MUST be added right after it. If exemplar  is present, the Created Value MUST be added before it. Createad Value MUST be appended to all Bucket Values, to the MetricPoint's Sum and MetricPoint's Count.
```

```
# TYPE foo histogram

> foo_bucket{le="0.0"} 0 ct@1520430000.123

Reviewer 2: Same comment about created timestamps all being different.  Count and sum should match the lowest CT
